Where did Obi-Wan take Luke after his birth?
Who is Palpatine's granddaughter?
Who was Anakin Skywalker's Padawan?
Where is Jabba the Hutt's Palace located?
What's the name of Boba Fett's ship?
Who are Kylo Ren's parents?
Who killed Qui-Gon Jinn?
According to Yoda, there are always how many Sith Lords...no more, no less?
Who built C-3PO?
What is the name of Han Solo's ship?
Who acted as Queen Amidala's decoy?
What was Finn's stormtrooper number?
Where was Yoda's home in his final years?
Chancellor Palpatine was which Sith Lord?
Han Solo was frozen in what?
Who had Rey's parents taken and killed?
Luke lost which of his hands in a fight with Darth Vader?
Anakin Skywalker grew up to be who?
Per Yoda, what is the path to the dark side?
What species is Chewbacca?
Padmé was Queen of what?
What is Kylo Ren's birth name?
Who is Luke and Leia's father?
Who told Anakin there is another Skywalker?
Leia made who acting general?
Which character said, "Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You are my only hope"?
Where was Baby Yoda when Order 66 was initiated?
What color was Mace Windu's lightsaber?
What color was Yoda's lightsaber?
C-3PO is fluent in over how many forms of communication?
What species is Jar Jar Binks?
What is the name of Anakin's stepbrother?
Who was Boba Fett's father?
Who killed Mace Windu?
What is the name of the female member of the Jedi High Council who is of the same species as Yoda?
What was Galen Erso's nickname for his daughter?
True or False, Boba Fett survived the Sarlacc pit
How many episodes are in the Skywalker Saga?
Who is known for saying the line: "I have spoken"?
Who played Princess Leia?
Which actor played Luke Skywalker?
Who does Obi-Wan say was the "Chosen One"?
Who does BB-8 belong to?
How many children does Darth Vader have?
Lightsabers are powered by what type of crystal?
Which actor played Lando Calrissian?
Where do Rey and BB-8 first meet?
Who said, “I know what I have to do, but I don't know that I have the strength to do it”?
According to Luke, confronting what is the destiny of a Jedi?
Who is Darth Vader's grandson?
Leia said never underestimate a what?
X-wing fighters were used by the Resistance or the First Order?
Jyn Erso said rebellions are built on what?
Legend describes what as the hidden world of the Sith?
Who killed Snoke?
What was Mando's weapon against Moff Gideon's darksaber?
Who is the black market droidsmith Poe knows on Kijimi?
What compasses lead the way to Exegol?
What was Poe Dameron's old job before becoming a pilot?
Luke said, "Confronting ___ is the destiny of a Jedi"?
Who killed Han Solo?
C-3PO is mechanically incapable of speaking translations from who?
According to Zorii, what can give free passage through any blockade and landing privileges, any vessel?
Who famously said, "These aren't the droids you're looking for"?
Rey and Kylo are a what ___ in the Force?
Who wins by making people think they are alone?
