True or false: R2-D2 originally had dialogue, with actual speaking parts
Variations on what line have made it into every film in the saga?
What type of dog was the inspiration for Chewbacca, according to George Lucas?
The first appearance of the Emperor was a composite of the character designer's wife and which animal?
How many estimated deaths are there in the original trilogy?
Which episode number is the first Star Wars film?
What was Han Solo frozen in?
And for how long was he frozen?
How many "forms of communication" is C-3P0 fluent in?
Where does Rey find Luke Skywalker?
Who killed Mace Windu?
What is the name of Anakin's stepbrother?
Who was Boba Fett's father?
What was Galen Erso's nickname for his daughter?
What is the name of the female member of the Jedi High Council who is of the same species as Yoda?
What model of aircraft did Luke use to "bullseye Womp Rats"?
Han Solo boasted that the Millennium Falcon made the Kessel Run in less than how many parsecs?
Who was the first character to speak in the first Star Wars film, A New Hope?
Princess Leia tells Grand Moff Tarkin the rebel base is located on what planet?
Who was Luke Skywalker's gunner during the Battle of Hoth?
What species is Greedo?
In which movie did Yoda NOT appear?
In what system are Han and Leia before traveling to Bespin?
What species is native to Endor?
Which actor is the only one who's appeared in every single Star Wars movie to date?
Which stormtrooper wasn't able to complete his mission in Star Wars: The Force Awakens?
What were Padmé's last words?
What kind of vehicle did Rey live in?
According to Master Yoda, how many Sith are always out there?
What happened to Anakin Skywalker during the battle with Count Dooku?
Who played the part of Commander Cody?
Who wiped out all of the information about Kamino from the Jedi Temple archives?
Who killed Jabba?
What did Luke Skywalker lose in his fight with Darth Vader?
What did Jar Jar Binks end up owing Qui-Gon Jinn after being rescued during the invasion of Naboo?
What did Owen Lars tell Luke about his father?
What is the color of C-3PO's arm in Star Wars: The Force Awakens?
Where did the Clone Wars begin?
Who adopted Padmé Amidala's daughter?
What was the job that Finn told Han Solo he had at Starkiller Base?
Where were the Hoth sequences filmed?
What name does Obi-Wan Kenobi go by on Tatooine?
How old was Anakin during the battle on Geonosis?
Who freed Princess Leia from her chains at Jabba's palace?
How did Luke manage to get into Jabba's palace?
Who first and most famously played the part of Chewbacca?
Who fixed the hyperdrive on the Millennium Falcon?
Who killed Jango Fett?
What species was Yoda?
Who are the comedians behind the "voice" for BB-8?
When Obi-Wan performed the blood test on Anakin, how high was the Midi-chlorian count?
According to the Emperor, what was Luke's weakness?
Which bounty hunter was trying to capture Han when Greedo arrived first?
Who taught Lando Calrissian how to pilot a ship?
How many lightsabers does General Grievous wield in his fight with Obi-Wan on Utapau?
Who offered to lead the attack against the Death Star?
What species is Chewbacca?
What did Darth Vader say to Luke about the name "Anakin Skywalker"?
What did the Ewoks think C-3PO was?
What did R2-D2 realize about C-3PO when they first met?
What was the diameter of the first Death Star?
According to Obi-Wan, how long had the Jedi been the guardians of peace and justice in the galaxy?
What was the name of the standard rifle carried by the clone troopers?
Count Dooku was one of how many Jedi who had left the Jedi Order?
Who joined Poe Dameron in his X-wing in order to help destroy Starkiller?
What kind of weapon did Han carry?
Who gave FN-2187 his new name when they found out that he didn't have a real name?
According to Yoda, what did Luke need to do in order to complete his training and become a Jedi Master?
Who provided the voice for General Grievous?
How many rathtars did Han and Chewbacca have on their ship?
What mission did Princess Leia give to Obi-Wan?
How did Yoda feel about Obi-Wan having Anakin as his Padawan?
What is the maximum number of womp rats that are usually seen in a pack?
According to Yoda, which of these is the path to the dark side?
What was Grand Moff Tarkin's impression of Leia's presence on board the Death Star?
How many meals does Jabba consume per day?
What did Yoda tell Obi-Wan after he said, "That boy is our last hope"?
Who provided the voice of Darth Vader?
Who said, "This is how liberty dies — to thunderous applause"?
What is the language of the Wookiees?
Who freed Han from the carbonite?
Who said, "Feel
How old was Padmé when she was elected the Queen of Naboo?
According to Chancellor Palpatine, what does Anakin's rage do to him?
Whose lightsaber did Luke receive from Obi-Wan?
How old was Yoda when Luke returned to Dagobah to complete his training?
Who told Rey, "I am no Jedi, but I know the Force"?
Why was Jango Fett adopted and raised by Mandalorians?
What reason did Luke give to Yoda for wanting to become a Jedi?
What did Anakin say Padmé resembled when she questioned the state of the Republic?
According to Obi-Wan, what is a lightsaber to a Jedi?
What was Obi-Wan's final promise to Qui-Gon Jinn?
What is Kylo Ren's given name?
What nightmare did Anakin have?
Who told Luke that there was another Skywalker?
Who directed Return of the Jedi?
What species is Jabba?
What did Han call the Kanjiklub?
How did the Jedi elders feel about Anakin adopting a dark uniform?
Where did Princess Leia get shot while trying to invade the bunker on Endor?
On what planet did Han accept Chewbacca as his partner?
How did Obi-Wan feel about flying?
What was the cell number where Princess Leia was imprisoned?
Which planet was Darth Vader raised on?
Hoth is covered in what?
What is Jabba's complete name?
According to Rey, Kylo Ren will never be as powerful as whom?
How many spires does the Jedi Temple have?
Which hotheaded cantina customer has a special penchant for eggs?
How many Star Destroyers did Han see approaching the Millennium Falcon after firing upon Echo Base?
Who said, "Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi
What were Obi-Wan's last words to Luke after the Battle of Yavin?
What is Phasma's rank among the First Order?
What happened to the last interpreter in Jabba's palace when Jabba got angry with him?
Where did Luke try to convince Biggs Darklighter that he had witnessed a space battle?
Which Ewok had an iguana as pet and adviser?
How many puppeteers were necessary to operate Jabba?
What is the birth planet of Han?
Who played the part of Count Dooku?
What did Princess Leia say to Han when the Millennium Falcon didn't want to start up in Hangar 7?
What species is Jar Jar Binks?
Which strange creature did Luke find on Dagobah?
What is Queen Amidala's given name?
The First Order stormtrooper training methods of which character were called into question after BB-8 escaped them on Jakku?
What's the first line of Phantom Menace?
What is Anakin's mom's name?
What does Anakin think Padmé is?
Who says, "I have a bad feeling about this"?
Who says, "There's always a bigger fish"?
Which planet isn't seen in Phantom Menace?
Why was Jar Jar Binks banished from Gungan City?
Who says, "The ability to speak does not make you intelligent"?
What kind of species is Watto?
Who says, "There is no civility, only politics"?
Which animal are porgs based on?
What's the last line of Phantom Menace?
What was Luke’s last name originally going to be?
Which word is never spoken in a Star Wars movie?
Which James Bond actor made a cameo in The Force Awakens?
Poe Dameron shares the same last name as which real-life person?
What planet is Chewbacca from?
How old were Anakin and Padmé when they first met in The Phantom Menace?
Who did Han win the Millennium Falcon from?
Who built C-3PO?
Who has the purple lightsaber in Star Wars: Episode II — Attack of the Clones?
R2-D2 is classified as what type of droid?
Why does Padmé die?
How does Han meet Chewbacca?
Who kills Jyn's father, Galen?
What planet does the Death Star destroy in Star Wars: Episode IV — A New Hope?
What is Darth Vader's iconic line?
What is Finn's stormtrooper number?
Why are Rey's and Kylo's minds connected?
How is Rey related to Palpatine?
