'May the Fourth be with you' is the official tagline of the galaxy-wide holiday celebrated the first week of May in honor of what sci-fi franchise?
What 2018 Star Wars film focuses on the early adventures of Chewbacca and the character who was portrayed by Harrison Ford in "A New Hope," "The Empire Strikes Back," and "Return of the Jedi?"
"Rogue One" was a 2016 standalone feature film starring Felicity Jones within the universe (er, galaxy) of what film franchise?
What Admiral in the rebellion, a member of the Mon Calamari race, famously exclaimed 'It's a trap!' during the climactic space battle at the end of 'Return Of The Jedi?'
Sure to mess up Star Wars Day, 63.4% of Texas tornadoes between 1951 and 2016 struck during what month of the year?
The Empire Strikes Back hit theaters during Memorial Day Weekend in 1980. That same week, an iconic horror film opened but had a relatively weak opening box office because it was counter-programmed against the Star Wars installment. What was this Jack Nicholson-starring horror film?
October 1, 2021 is the start date of 'Lego Star Wars: Terrifying ______', a lego and Star Wars themed Halloween special, airing exclusively on Disney+. Fill in the one word plural blank, another word for stories, such as in the HBO anthology series '______ From The Crypt.'
Although known officially only as "The Child" as of May 2020, what is the more popular name for the long-eared creature introduced in the first episode of "The Mandalorian?"
What bipeds, native to the forest moon of Endor, play a major role in the destruction of the second death star in Return of the Jedi?
Combining a Star Wars character, red cups popular with fraternities, arias in operas, and Alex Honnold's daring rock climbing style would get you a group of WHAT?
With ten appearances, Anthony Daniels holds the record for actor who has appeared in the most "Star Wars" films, playing what shiny, alphanumerically named character?
Gina Carano plays what rebel turned mercenary who often helps the titular bounty hunter on Disney+'s 'The Mandalorian?' Her last name is the same as a different sci-fi franchise created by Frank Herbert.
An action-adventure game, developed by Respawn Entertainment and published by EA, about Cal, an Empire employee who goes on the run when his Force powers are discovered, is '______: Fallen Order.' Fill in the one word blank, the sacred group of Force harnessers that Cal seeks help from.
Star Wars fan Mike J. Nichols released a fan edit of "Episode I – The Phantom Menace" entitled "The Phantom Edit" in which, along with other smaller changes, he almost entirely removed which controversial character voiced by Ahmed Best?
Alden Ehrenreich played what occasionally smug but generally well intentioned Star Wars character in a 2018 spin-off prequel movie? He is known for wearing a vest and for being called scruffy looking.
What agile and murderous Sith Lord with a double lightsaber, trained by Darth Sidious, has been portrayed by Ray Park in 'Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace' and 'Solo: A Star Wars Story?'
James Earl Jones said he only made $7,000 for his role as which character in 'Star Wars: A New Hope?'
George Lucas is on record saying that its shape was inspired by a hamburger, how is the light freighter YT-1300 492727ZED better known?
What Star Wars character, the grandson of Shmi Lars, worked on a family moisture farm on Tatooine, although perhaps he was meant for something greater?
Because the date sounds like the beginning of a famous line from the film series, Star Wars day is annually held on what month and day?
If you've purchased to a midnight movie release late December 19th, you're almost certainly seeing what ninth film in a "saga" of three trilogies? Looking for the TITLE of the new film, not the name of the franchise.
In May 2022, Star Wars fans were saddened by the passing of Colin Cantwell, whose most famous designs included those for what gigantic weapon destroyed at the end of "A New Hope?"
What two rhyming words summarize the following phrase? A sweet baked good often enjoyed with milk for a tall hairy species from Star Wars.
What starfighter used by the Rebel Alliance in the Star Wars films has four laser cannons and two proton torpedo launchers? It gets its name because the way it extends has a distinct shape that resembles a letter.
As shown in detail in 'Solo: A Star Wars Story', Han Solo made a legendary accomplishment when he raced across what dangerous space 'Run' in a record 12 parsecs?
What member of the Jedi council, armed with a grim attitude and an amethyst-colored lightsaber, was played by Samuel L. Jackson in the Star Wars prequels?
Daisy Ridley made her first appearance as Rey in which 3-word Star Wars film?
Troy Kotsur, who won Best Supporting Actor for 'Coda' at the 2022 Academy Awards, played a member of what 'T' desert alien race on 'The Mandalorian?' They are typically depicted as desert raiders, prone to bouts of anger.
Jabba The Hut's pet/sidekick in "Return Of The Jedi", a noisy little rodent, is named Salacious ______. Fill in the one word 'C' blank, also a term for a small fragment of bread.
In May 2018, a Star Wars spinoff film was released that followed the journeys of Han Solo. What is the name of Solo's bipedal, hirsute sidekick from the planet of Kashyyyk?
Who was the first character to speak in the first Star Wars movie? This anxiety-ridden sidekick stands five feet and eight inches tall.
In 'Star Wars Episode II: Attack Of The Clones', Anakin Skywalker tells Padme Amidala that he doesn't like what 4-letter yellow biproduct of rock erosion, claiming 'it's course and rough and irritating, and it gets everywhere?'
Darth Vader is famously misquoted with "Luke, I am your father." Darth Vader does not say "Luke" in that pivotal moment. What word did he say instead?
What 2021 Disney+ series allows seven Japanese animation studios to bring their unique perspectives to the Star Wars universe, through short films? It is a plural word for seeing something concrete through a dream or trance.
Sir Alec Guinness was nominated for Best Supporting Actor at the 50th Academy Awards for portraying what Jedi Knight in the first Star Wars film?
From famed movie critic Roger Ebert's review of "Star Wars" in 1977: "Star Wars is a fairy tale, a fantasy, a legend, finding its roots in some of our most popular fictions. The golden robot, lion-faced space pilot, and insecure little computer on wheels must have been suggested by [characters] in __________". Which famous work seems to have been the apparent inspiration?
Among the characters in 2018's Star Wars prequel 'Solo: A Star Wars Story' is L3-37, Lando Calrissian's navigator droid, voiced by Phoebe Waller-______. Fill in the blank of the last name of the creator and star of 'Fleabag', also a device used to connect two piece of land over a body of water.
What large, hairy mammals with spiral horns inhabit the planet Tatooine and are used by other species for products such as meat and butter? They first appear in the first film of the 'Star Wars' film series.
"Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge," in which visitors can "fly" the Millennium Falcon, is an area of what Anaheim, California theme park that first opened in 1955?
Which kind of crystal powers a lightsaber, as well as the superlaser of the Death Star?
On 'The Mandalorian', the titular bounty hunter is played by Pedro ______. Fill in the one word 'P' blank, also the name of a 17th-century French mathematician, known for his namesake wager and triangle.
What character from the Star Wars prequels was Queen and later Senator of Naboo, although a tragic marriage to a talented Jedi master would cause her problems? She was played by Natalie Portman in the films.
What number was the Order created by the Galactic Republic, which secretly branded all Jedi as enemies of the Republic and subject to direct execution? It is the same number as the Will Rogers Highway, a famous Route spanning from Chicago to Los Angeles.
What is the name of the Moff played by Giancarlo Esposito in the Disney+ series 'The Mandalorian', who seeks to rebuild the Galactic Empire by capturing the Baby Yoda known as Grogu? He shares a name with a biblical prophet known for his calling and later victory over the Midianites.
In 'The Rise Of Skywalker,' Poe Dameron encounters a spice-smuggler on the ice-planet Kijmi, who also happens to be his ex, named Zorii ______. Fill in the one word blank, also a 'B' word for perfect happiness.
In "The Phantom Menace," Padmé Amidala, portrayed by Natalie Portman, becomes the 14-year-old queen of which bountiful green planet in the Star Wars universe?
Although he had a much more famous actor providing his voice, David Prowse was inside the suit of what major villain of the original Star Wars trilogy?
What kind of tree primarily made up the California forest land used for the Endor scenes in "Return of the Jedi?"
A 2022 Disney+ series is expected to be the return of Obi-Wan Kenobi, specifically the version played by what actor, known for his performance in the Star Wars prequels, as well as 'Trainspotting?'
Featuring in Episode VI: Return of the Jedi, the scenes of the forest moon of Endor were shot in ànd around a national park in which US state?
In order to agree to a role in the Star Wars prequel films, actor Samuel L. Jackson requested that his character's lightsaber would be what color? The request was eventually accepted.
"Exsqueeze me", "I spake", and "Oh, Gooberfish!" are lines spoken by which divisive character in "Star Wars: Episode 1- The Phantom Menace?"
In 'The Mandalorian,' the character is known as Baby Yoda, or even just 'The Child,' but it turns out he actually goes by what 'G' name?
Played by Christopher Lee in "Attack of the Clones" and "Revenge of the Sith", what is the Sith name of former Jedi Master Count Dooku?
The first Star Wars video game, made for the Atari 2600, was based on which film in the original trilogy?
A major plot hole in the "Star Wars" franchise is Leia claiming to remember her mother in "Return of the Jedi," despite Padme Amidala dying in childbirth in which prequel movie?
What Canadian actor, who played the young Anakin Skywalker in Star Wars Episodes II and III, came back to play Darth Vader in the 2022 Disney+ miniseries "Obi-Wan Kenobi?"
Clocking in at 2 hours and 32 minutes (according to its IMDB.com runtime), which of the 9 movies in the Skywalker Saga is the longest?
What five-letter name is shared by a realm in Robert Jordan's "The Wheel of Time" series and an upcoming Disney+ show starring Diego Luna as a thief turned rebel?
Used as an alias of another major character in the original trilogy, what first name did Han Solo and Leia Organa give their son before he changed his name to Kylo Ren?
In 'Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones,' on which planet does Obi-Wan uncover the clone army?
A military program announced by President Reagan in March 1983 promoted funding for lasers and particle beam weapons and was formally known as the Strategic Defense Initiative. However, what two-word name was the program (somewhat mockingly) nicknamed by the public?
What ice planet is the area where the first (approximately) half hour of "The Empire Strikes Back" takes place?
What Seattle-area-based software company has a contract with the Pentagon called Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure, also known by the Star Wars-sounding name "JEDI?"
Although viewers learn eventually that she is a Skywalker by birth, what is the surname of Princess Leia that is taken from her adoptive parents?
On which planet in the Outer Rim Territories do we see Ponda Baba (aka "Walrus Man") lose an arm while the song "Mad About Me" plays in the background?
2021 will see a spin-off series of 'The Mandalorian' on Disney+, featuring Temuera Morrison's Boba Fett and Ming-Na Wen's Fennec Shand, called 'The ______ Of Boba Fett'. Fill in the blank, a term used to describe Star Wars projects such as 'Shadows Of The Empire' and 'Dark Force Rising.'
What is the official film title of Star Wars: Episode V?
A world record holder for faking out stormtroopers about droid identities, the O.G. Obi-Wan Kenobi in 1977's "Star Wars" was played by Sir Alec WHO?
Attacked Luke in the Jundland Waste. Blasted potshots at pod racers in "Phantom Menace." Helped The Mandalorian beat a krayt dragon. What outdoorsy people am I talking about?
What upcoming Disney+ series, being run by 'Russian Doll' creator Leslye Headland, will show the rise of the dark force during Star Wars' High Republic era? Its 'A' name refers to an assistant, often to a participant in a religious service.
Din Djarin is the birth name of what title TV character, who made his screen debut in 2019 on Disney+?
At the start of the original trilogy (now the 4th movie), the viewer learns that Yoda has been living in exile on what swampy planet?
Despite falling down a reactor shaft at the conclusion of Episode VI, what legendary Star Wars villain made a prominent return in the final "episode" of the "Skywalker Saga?"
What is the two-word name of the podcast series in which The Ringer's Mallory Rubin and Jason Concepcion dive deep into pop culture phenomena such as "Game of Thrones," "Harry Potter," and "Star Wars"? The show's name also references a certain style of aggressive TV watching.
On Tatooine, what was the job title of Luke's aunt and uncle?
Nestle currently offers a limited-edition ice cream sandwich shaped like what ship that made the Kessel run in less than 12 parsecs?
Blink-182 sings, "And of course I'd do anything for her, I'd search the moons of Endor" in what 1997 song that's named after a Star Wars episode?
What Star Wars console video game released at the end of 2020 focuses on space combat inspired by the movie franchise? The title comes from the operational air force units comprised of two or more aircraft and their personnel.
What 'G' Rodian bounty with green skin famously cornered Han Solo in the Mos Eisley Cantina in 'Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope,' only to get shot for his efforts? His name kind of sounds like another word for avarice.
In the imfamous Star Wars Holiday Special, which character is revealed to have a son named Lumpawaroo (a.k.a. Lumpy)?
In the 1980s, Ewoks got their own spin-offs, starting with 'Caravan of Courage: An Ewok Adventure' in 1984. That film was followed up with a sequel the next year entitled: 'Ewoks: The Battle for ______.'
The United States' proposed Strategic Defense Initiative was often best known by what pop-culture nickname, which it received in a 1983 article in the Washington Post?
At the start of 'Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith,' Obi-Wan is on the hunt for which villain he must defeat in order to end the war? (Hint: The alliteratively-named character was CGI-animated and voiced by Matthew Wood)
Which 2005 'Star Wars' film marked the first appearance of Order 66?
Danoga is the dangerous creature that lives inside what appliance/room/large machinery on the original Death Star?
Born John Adedayo Bamidele Adegboyega but known by the shorter John Boyega profesionally, what character was played by this British-Nigerian actor in the Star Wars franchise?
2021 saw the release of what animated TV show, a continuation of the Clone Wars saga created by Dave Filoni and starring Ming-Na Wen and Freddie Prinze, Jr.? The two word alliterative title implies these post-Clone War Clones are not the greatest.
The Trans-Alaska Pipeline System started operating at the height of the oil crisis and the height of "Star Wars" mania in what year of the 1970s?
In 2021, Marvel Comics launched a Star Wars comic series called 'War Of The ______', about Boba Fett's transit of Han Solo's carbonite frozen body. Fill in the two word blank, which could also refer to Jango Fett and Bossk, among others.
In most television, novel, and comic book appearances of the Empire's Grand Admiral Thrawn, what color is the character's skin?
It's a bit unsurprising that Temuera played Boba Fett in the second season of The Mandalorian given that the New Zealander played what previous Star Wars character in the film's prequel trilogy?
"Star Wars: Tales from the Galaxy's Edge" is a virtual reality adventure game released in November 2020 for what VR headset system?
In 2021, Bandai issued an R2-D2 edition of what handheld toy, whose name is a blend of the Japanese words for "egg" and "watch"?
In a 2021 poll by Slashfilm.com, what evil emperor also known as Darth Sidious was voted the worst "Star Wars" character of all time?
What actor, who originated one of the most famous roles in the "Star Wars" franchise, later told The Guardian, "Apart from the money, I regret having embarked on the film?"
A November 2022 Insider article titled "___ Needs to Fix Disney's 'Star Wars' Problem" refers to the company's recently reinstated CEO, who returned to the company after stepping down in 2020?
The original 'Star Wars Holiday Special' aired on CBS in 1978 and marked the first appearance of which character? (Hint: The bounty hunter was voiced by Don Francks in the special and was later played by Jeremy Bulloch with voice acting by Jason Wingreen).
In the Star Wars universe, the most famous of all YT-1300 Corellian light freighters is most certainly Han Solo's Millennium Falcon that he co-pilots with Chewbacca. What gambler and con-artist was the prior owner of the ship?
What 'R' name applies to a giant creature from Dathomir, that Jabba The Hut keeps in a cave to eat people he doesn't like in 'Return Of The Jedi?' Eating Luke Skywalker doesn't go that well.
What Star Wars movie was the first to be released in the 1980s?
First revealed in "Attack of the Clones,'" what villainous character was in fact the Jedi Master that took Qui-Gon Jinn as his apprentice?
In 1985, what was the name of the 'Star Wars' animated series that revolved around C-3PO and R2D2, not old Motorola phones? (Hint: It's often paired with 'Ewoks,' another animated series that aired at the same time)
What hyperspace route passing by the Maw nebula did Han Solo traverse in the Millenium Falcon using a route that was roughly 40% shorter than was previously thought possible?
What is the four-letter name for the species of traders that capture R2-D2 and C-3PO before selling them to moisture farmer Luke Skywalker?
Y-wing fighters are equipped with what kind of cannons that sound pretty positively charged?
After denying the initial reports, what man admitted in January 2013 that he was leaving the Star Trek franchise to direct the return of the Star Wars series return with Episode VII?
What Star Wars character was introduced as the Padawan apprentice of Anakin Skywalker in the animated film "The Clone Wars" and also starred in the TV series of the same name?
The only non-Jedi to wield a lightsaber in the original "Star Wars" trilogy was Han Solo, when he cut open what thing?
Which musician, writer, and actor landed the role of Lando Calrissian in "Solo: A Star Wars Story?"
The Jawa Ion Blaster, Imperial Sandtroopers's Big Gun, and Boba Fett's Blaster are all guns found in what famous fictional franchise?
The Lars family, the adoptive family of Luke Skywalker, were farmers on the planet Tatooine. What was it that they farmed?
What small Brooklyn-based ice cream brand scored a huge "Star Wars" movie tie-in when it made "Dark Side" and "Light Side" flavors inspired by "The Last Jedi?"
During the ‘90s, Lockheed Martin developed the graphics system for what video game company's Model 3 system for arcade games including 'Virtua Fighter 3', 'SpikeOut', and 'Star Wars Trilogy Arcade'?
Cassian Andor, a Rebel intelligence officer and captain of the titular 'Rogue One' in the 2016 film, as well as the star of the 2022 Disney+ show 'Andor', is played by what Mexican actor? He has also starred in such films as 'Y tu mama tambien' and 'Milk.'
What 'M' Welsh director was at the helm of 1983's 'Return Of The Jedi?' His other movies include 'Eye Of The Needle' and 'Jagged Edge.'
What streetwear brand, whose name is a word meaning "friends and relatives," debuted a 54-piece Star Wars-themed collection in December 2021 featuring Stormtrooper sweaters, a C-3PO waffle-knit tee, and other items?
What actress, star of 'Leon: The Professional' and the Star Wars franchise, graduated from Harvard University with a BA in psychology in 2003?
An ancient Sith who opposed the continuation of the old Sith ways, and was portrayed by Mark Hamill in 'The Clone Wars,' was Darth ______. Fill in the one word blank, also the name of a powerful Batman villain played by Tom Hardy in 'Dark Night Rises.'
For two seasons in the 1980s, what animated "Star Wars" series followed the adventures of Wicket W. Warwick and his friends on the forest moon of Endor?
What comic book company published the original "Star Wars" comic book series that ran from 1977 to 1987, and included 107 issues and three annuals?
What toy manufacturer produced the first Star Wars action figures?
What 'H' Star Wars character is an alien in the Mos Eisley Cantina in 'Star Wars: Episode IV', with a large brown head that resembles a banging hardware tool? His compound word name is the same as a shark with a similarly large head.
A 2022 Lego Star Wars game that lets players reenact all 9 mainline Star Wars films is 'Lego Star Wars: The ______ Saga.' Fill in the one word blank, the 'S' last name of the protagonist of episodes 4-6.
A line of cute plush toys of Star Wars creatures, marketed towards children, is 'Star Wars Galactic ______.' Fill in the one 'P' blank, a plural word that is informally used to describe friends.
What Northern Irish actor, known for 'Schindler's List' and the 'Taken' franchise, played Qui-Gon Jinn in 'Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace?'
What 'G' Star Wars robot and General was known as a feared Jedi hunter with multiple robotic limbs in 'Star Wars: Episode III' and the 'Clone Wars' franchise? His name is also an adjective for a severe or serious blow.
In 'Return Of The Jedi,' Oola is the dancer sent off to be killed by the rancor owned by what what fat, slimy, 'J' Hutt?
In 'Fortnite,' video game combatants can use what 'L' Star Wars weapon? The chosen weapon of the Jedi, it is in essence a laser blade, created by careful manipulation of rare crystals.
The impossibility of removing large flocks of puffins from Skellig Michael, the real-life location that represents Ahch-To in "The Last Jedi," led to the design of what cute and cuddly creatures?
Retail employees Randal and Dante earnestly discuss the killing of innocent civilians on the Second Death Star in "Return of the Jedi," in what 1994 black-and-white Kevin Smith film?
George Lucas said he came up with the 'Star Wars' droid's name after overhearing a member of the sound crew on a different movie ask for Reel #2 of the Second Dialogue track, which they had shortened to ______?
George Lucas originally dreamed that one of the most famous actor/directors of the era would voice Darth Vader. In the end, Lucas decided that the voice of which famous man—known for 'Citizen Kane' and 'The War of the Worlds'—was just too iconic and therefore too easy for audiences to recognize?
The planet of Tatooine is part of a binary star system. Its two suns share what name, being distinguished only by Roman numerals following this name?
The first film in the Skywalker Saga, which Star Wars movie (Episode I) was released in 1999 and starred Liam Neeson, Ewan McGregor, and Natalie Portman?
'Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the ______' was released in 2002 and welcomed back an all-star cast, including Ewan McGregor, Natalie Portman, and Samuel L. Jackson.
What is the name of the carnivorous creature from Tatooine that C-3PO is talking about when he says "In its belly, you will find a new definition of pain and suffering, as you are slowly digested over a thousand years?"
In Star Wars: The Phantom Menace, what is the name of the Xexto podracer pilot who finishes second to Anakin Skywalker in the Boonta Eve Classic Podrace?
The newest area at Disney Theme Parks is a Star Wars-themed experience that opened in 2019 at both Disneyland and Disney World's Hollywood Studios. What two-word name, referring to the remote frontier planet Batuu, do these themed areas share?
Sheev Palpatine is better known by his Sith name, Darth ______.
What's the A-name of the species that could pass for humans as long as their tentacle-like projections were hidden in their cheeks and they weren't drinking Force soup?
Since 1987, the 'Star Wars ______' has been the go-to periodical for hardcore fans of the franchise—which makes sense, as it started out as the magazine of The Official Star Wars Fan Club.
Also the number of years separating the births of Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher, how many years old is Padme when she is elected Queen of Naboo in The Phantom Menace?
The screenplay for 'Star Wars Episode II – Attack of the Clones' (2002) was co-written by George Lucas and which British screenwriter who had written for the British TV war drama 'Manhunt' in the ‘70s?
In 2019, Lucasfilm developed a web-based game show called 'Star Wars: Jedi ______ Temple Challenge' where kids competed in a variety of physical and mental challenges to become a Jedi Knight. (Really! It's on YouTube!).
In the early ‘90s, which series of young adult sci-fi novels written by Paul and Hollace Davids told of the adventures of Luke, Leia, and Han? (Hint: The books were set about a year after the events of 'Return of the Jedi')
Which actor who starred as Han in 2018's 'Solo: A Star Wars Story' has said he got his big break acting in a video for a friend's bat mitzvah that was subsequently watched by Steven Spielberg?
What sinister Dug and Pod Racing champion was bested by a young Anakin in Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace?
What legendary effects company was founded by George Lucas in 1975 to provide effects for the Star Wars franchise?
'Star Wars: The Clone Wars' was the first film in the franchise to be distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures instead of which studio?
In the affectionate Star Wars parody, 'Space Balls,' the film renames the slimy crime lord 'Jabba' to something far less sinister and perhaps a bit more delicious. What is this character's new name?
What event does Anakin Skywalker win to secure his freedom in "Star Wars: The Phantom Menace"?
The climactic battle at the end of Star Wars (1977), with the Rebels attempting to destroy the Death Star, takes place in orbit of the planet ______ IV, also the location of the Rebel base. Its name is found near the end of our alphabet. What word fills in the blank?
Of the 11 feature-length, live-action Star Wars films released by Lucasfilm in theaters, only one does not have R2-D2 in the film. Which movie is this?
The most expensive properties in the Phantom Menace edition of Monopoly are on what skysrcapery city planet?
There is a city floating in the upper atmosphere of Bespin, a city which serves a dual-purpose as both a gas mine and a luxury resort. What is the name of this city?
What rhyming phrase, which might sound like a Dromedary owned by a certain Star Wars star, actually refers to an ice skating spin popularized by its namesake athlete?
In 'Star Wars Episode VIII: The Last Jedi', what actress plays Vice-Admiral Amilyn Holdo, a Rebel officer who briefly takes over for Admiral Leia after Leia is exposed to space? She won a Best Supporting Actress Oscar for 'Marriage Story' in 2020.
What retired FIFA Women's World Cup champion goalkeeper for Team USA has a name made of words from the titles of two different 'Star Wars' movies?
What type of crystal is used in the Star Wars universe as the power source of a lightsaber? This same source was used to generate the power for the Death Star's superlaser.
What 'B' Star Wars character is a childhood acquaintance of Luke Skywalker's who flies in his X-Wing Squadron at the end of 'Episode IV: A New Hope?' His name is the same as the last name of actor Jason who starred in 'American Pie.'
One of many other movies to reference "Star Wars," what 1998 disaster film features Ben Affleck's character declaring, "I'm Han and you're Chewbacca?"
When it came out in 1980, critics gave it mixed reviews. At 94% positive in 2022, which Star Wars film currently has the highest rating on Rotten Tomatoes?
What Vietnamese-American actress rose to prominence playing Rose Tico in the "Star Wars" franchise, beginning with "The Last Jedi" in 2017?
Which 2015 Star Wars movie directed by J.J. Abrams was the first film in the franchise that didn't have a video game tie-in when it came out? (Fun Fact: It did eventually get a video game…but just the Lego version).
Which Kenyan-Mexican, Oscar-winning actress played Maz Kanata, who we first meet in 'The Force Awakens' (2015)?
In the final episode of the first season of "The Mandalorian," a famous weapon is revealed when briefly seen in the hands of Moff Gideon. What is this weapon?
Ahsoka Tano is the Padawan apprentice of what other character in the Star Wars franchise? Tano will be played by Rosario Dawson in the second season of The Mandalorian.
Pilot Poe Dameron in Star Wars episodes VII - IX, the titular musician in "Inside Llewyn Davis," Standard Gabriel in "Drive," and a man with two first names. Who is this actor?
Which Star Wars movie was given the working title 'Blue Harvest: Horror Beyond Imagination' to disguise it from fans and the press while in production?
A the end of "Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker." Rey pulls out and activates her own lightsaber for the first time. What color is it?
In Star Wars Episode VIII, what character joins Finn and BB-8 on Canto Bight as they search for the master codebreaker?
A Star Wars-themed luxury hotel located near Hollywood Studios in Walt Disney World is ______ Starcruiser. Fill in the one word 'G' blank, an adjective applying to large systems of stars, such as the Milky Way.
What is the name of the oceanic planet where cloning technology is developed and the Clone Army is created and trained? Obi-Wan visits this planet during "Attack of the Clones."
Porg flock around Luke's island home in The Last Jedi, but they are actually only in the movie because the VFX team decided it would be easier to animate over the very prolific animals rather than remove them in post. What is this pesky animal?
After Muppets creator Jim Henson declined the opportunity from George Lucas, he recommended what colleague to accept the role of puppeteer and voice actor for the Jedi Master Yoda?
In the Star Wars universe, most residents of the planet Shili, including Jedi Master Shaak Ti and Padawan Ahsoka Tano, are members of what sentient humanoid species?
Rey, the scavenger-turned-Jedi in the Star Wars "sequel" trilogy, is first shown on what planet?
Appearing in "The Last Jedi," the character Slowen Lo is named for the song "Slow and Low" from the 1986 album "Licensed to Ill" by what hip-hop group?
Twelve years after his character fell and died in Mount Doom in 'The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King', what actor voiced the First Order's Supreme Leader Snoke in the 2015 film 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens'?
In 2016's 'Rogue One', Felicity Jones played what character, the daughter of the designer of the Death Star who becomes a leader in the Rebel Alliance after being rescued from detention by the Empire?
What character is responsible for the death of Jabba the Hutt in Return of the Jedi?
The film Fanboys (2009) tells the tale of a group of friends who travel across the country to break into Skywalker Ranch and steal a copy of what Star Wars film before its release? Please give just the name, not the episode number, and no need to include the words "Star Wars."
What was Luke Skywalker's last name in the original script for "Star Wars: A New Hope?" The name went on to be used for a military base similar to the Death Star in "Star Wars: The Force Awakens."
Which 2005 addition to the Star Wars movie universe was the first of the films to be entirely shot in a studio?
What Star Wars actor, known for his environmental conservation work, has both a spider species and an ant species named after him?
For the planet Crait in "The Last Jedi," filiming was done at Salar de Uyuni, the world's largest salt flat. This real-life place is found in what South American nation?
What is the name of the horned, clawed white-furred species of snow monster found on the icy planet that was home to the Rebel Alliance's temporary Echo Base in "The Empire Strikes Back"?
What Asian-American actress rose to prominence after playing the character of Rose Tico in "The Last Jedi" and "The Rise of Skywalker?"
The planet Alderaan is well known to 'Star Wars' fans for being the home of Bail Organa and what adopted daughter of his, who would rise above her royal ranks to become in essence the leader of the Rebel Alliance?
Who was the senator from Naboo when Amidala was queen in "Star War: Episode 1?"
In "The Phantom Menace," Shmi and Anakin Skywalker are both slaves of what Todarian owner of a second-hand goods store on Tatooine?
Killed by Tusken Raiders on her home planet of Tatooine during "Attack of the Clones," what was the first name of Annakin's mother?
What actor was the only performer to earn an acting nomination for an Oscar in a Star Wars film? Note: we are looking for the actor, not the character.
Already familiar with marshaling from "Justified" and "Fargo" what actor played pseudo-law dude Cobb Vanth on "The Mandalorian" episode, "The Marshal"?
In "Rogue One, " the Empire loots J_____ City city to acquire Kyber crystals for powering the Death Star. What word fills in the blank?
What popular Star Wars side character made his first appearance in an animated segment during the 'Star Wars Holiday Special' (1980), saving Luke Skywalker and others from a giant monster? He was born on the planet Kamino.
Which Star Wars villain was originally played by Declan Mulholland in A New Hope, before the scene was cut and the character completely reimagined?
Fill in the missing location from this Darth Sidious quote: "When you arrive on ______, find the place where the dark side calls to you. Draw upon the energy there—combine its power with your own. Then… use it."
What is the name of the character played by Laura Dern in The Last Jedi whose namesake "manouevre" is essentially kamikaze attack done at lightspeed?
At Wimbledon in 2022, Ons Jabeur became the first African woman to reach a Grand Slam singles final in the Open Era. She's from what way northern African country that doubled as Tatooine in "Star Wars"?
To make the TIE Fighter sound extra terrifying, legendary sound designer Ben Burtt combined the sound of cars on wet pavement with the sound of what formidable animal?
A kerfuffle over the Darksaber and control of Mandalore sparked what Imperial genocide with a name similar to a horror franchise?
What was the original title of Return of the Jedi? This title was used in a teaser trailer in 1982, as well as promotional posters, until George Lucas changed his mind.
Which 2019 Star Wars sequel directed by J.J. Abrams centered on the epic showdown between the Resistance and Kylo Ren, and starred Carrie Fisher, Mark Hamill, Adam Driver, and Daisy Ridley?
Before making "A New Hope," George Lucas had sought to license the rights to a pulp-hero with a two-word name. This "speedy" hero's story eventually inspired many elements of the first Star Wars film. Who is this hero?
2021 saw the release of a Lego Star Wars app on Apple Arcade, featuring PvP fights between live players, with what 'B' name? The name reminds fans of famous moments on Hoth, Naboo, and Yavin.
What two word name is given to the cantina on Tatooine where Luke Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi first encounter Han Solo? It's a hangout for a lot of seedy alien criminal types.
Aurebesh is the writing system used to represent what spoken-word language that is the most commonly referenced language in the 'Star Wars' films?
What is the name of the series of Star Wars video games that began on the Nintendo 64 console in 1998 as one of the first games for the console that supported "Expansion Pak" which enabled higher-quality graphics?
In the movie "Star Wars", R2D2 claimed he was the property of Obi-Wan Kenobi but C3PO disagreed. Who did C3PO claim was their former master?
In filming the original 'Star Wars,' George Lucas employed the use of mirrors and what substance to film the hover effect for Luke Skywalker's speeder? (Looking for a specific brand here!)
Where were the majority of the exterior scenes of Tatooine filmed in the original 'Star Wars' trilogy?
In this infamous 1978 'Star Wars Holiday Special', Han Solo joins Chewbacca on the Wookiee's home planet Kashyyyk to celebrate what holiday?
What Star Wars mobile game allows you to collect characters from both the light and dark sides, such as Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader, then play them in RPG-style combat?
What is the idyllic-sounding name of the starcruiser where you can have a two-night immersive experience at Walt Disney World Florida, including lightsaber lessons and a view of space from your cabin?
Featuring noted rogue Han Solo's proposal to Princess Leia, the 2022 latest Star Wars novel is called "The Princess and the" WHAT?
Before he played young Anakin Skywalker in 'Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace' (1999), which actor got his big break playing Arnold Schwarzenegger's son in the holiday comedy, 'Jingle All the Way' (1996)?
Though she gave it to Obi-Wan shortly before she died, Padmé was buried with a good luck charm that had been made by Anakin. It was made from japor ivory wood, a type of wood from what planet?
In November 2022, Lucasfilm announced the cast for what religious-sounding upcoming Star Wars original TV series that will be set during the High Republic era?
Neophyte Jedi Luke whines to Obi-Wan in "A New Hope" that what blocking structure keeps him from seeing during his Millennium Falcon lightsaber practice?
Mostly known for playing Cliff Clavin on the sitcom "Cheers," actor John Ratzenberger played Rebel Major Bren Derlin in which Star Wars film?
What is the name of the large omnivorous cephalopods from the planet Vodran, having seven suckered tentacles, an eyestalk, a mouth of sharp teeth and several hearts?
What's the name of the tree-covered planet that Wookies call home?
With long limbs, lozenge-shaped furry bodies, and a name that contains lots of letters from the end of the alphabet, what species of Endor included Joh Yowza and Wam Lufba?
Since it was released in November of 1976, 'Star Wars: From the Adventures of Luke Skywalker' actually came before the first Star Wars film, which it was a tie-in for. What kind of media was it?
Parker Brothers released the first officially licensed Star Wars video game in 1982 on which console?
What much-reviled "Star Wars" character is a Twi'lek who served for decades as majordomo and chief of staff to Jabba the Hutt?
What is Jedi Master Yoda's last name in the Star Wars franchise?
Grand Moff Tarkin, the commander of the Death Star and loyal advisor to Darth Vader in "Star Wars: Episode IV", was played by legendary British actor, probably otherwise best known for dueling with Christopher Lee in a series of Hammer horror films?
What 'Pulp Fiction' actor was George Lucas' second choice to play Han Solo and would have taken the role had Harrison Ford declined it?
A British prince and the First Son of the U.S. fall in love despite enthusiastically disagreeing on which "Star Wars" movie is the best, in what bestselling 2019 novel by Casey McQuiston?
The language spoken by the Ewoks is a combination of two real-life languages. With one guess, name either of these languages.